[menu-bar] correct links in GHA credentials function (#118)
expo/orbit: apps/menu-bar/.eas/build/configureMacOSCredentials/README.md

## Learn more

> Refer to the [custom builds documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/custom-builds/schema/).

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to the [custom builds documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/custom-builds/get-started/).
```
